= Utopia Documentation

== About
Quando minha Utopia de Abertura de Dados por parte do governo for realidade,
ainda então, estaremos caminhando para um pais mais democratico

== Install to Test
on your workdir
  rails new aproject_test -T
  cd aproject_test
  BUNDLE_GEMFILE=../pathToUtopiaFolder/Gemfile b rails g utopia:install # install utopia

== Configure
Please check your database config on *database.yml*

== Create a Resource
Atention! create a resource *DON'T* touch on database, *you need* create your table before it

In the example _law_ is my resource, the should be a word in singular
  BUNDLE_GEMFILE=../pathToUtopiaFolder/Gemfile b rails g utopia:resource law

It will create app/resource/law.rb, like it
  Utopia.register :site do
  end

=== Changing default
==== Database Table Name
to change the database table name you can pass your database name to table_name config
  Utopia.register :law do
    table_name "LAW122"
  end
==== Attributes
to change what attribute you want to expose, you can use attribites config
  Utopia.register :law do
    attributes do
      set :number
      set :author
    end
  end

All other attributes will be protected

== Run Server
  BUNDLE_GEMFILE=../pathToUtopiaFolder/Gemfile b rails s # run server

== License
By obtaining, using and/or copying this work, you (the licensee) agree that you have read, understood, and will comply with the following terms and conditions.
Permission to copy, modify or distribute this software and its documentation, with or without modification, for any purpose and without fee or royalty is not hereby granted, unless that you  have the copyright of ALL parts of the software and documentation or portions thereof, including modifications:

The legal copyright granted by author to copy, modify or distribute this software in a location viewable.

The full text of this NOTICE in a location viewable to users of the redistributed or derivative work.

Any pre-existing intellectual property disclaimers, notices, or terms and conditions. If none exist, the Utopia Software Short Notice should be included (hypertext is preferred, text is permitted) within the body of any redistributed or derivative code.

Notice of any changes or modifications to the files, including the date changes were made. (We recommend you provide URIs to the location from which the code is derived.)
Disclaimers

THIS SOFTWARE AND DOCUMENTATION IS PROVIDED "AS IS," AND COPYRIGHT HOLDERS MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR THAT THE USE OF THE SOFTWARE OR DOCUMENTATION WILL NOT INFRINGE ANY THIRD PARTY PATENTS, COPYRIGHTS, TRADEMARKS OR OTHER RIGHTS.
COPYRIGHT HOLDERS WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF ANY USE OF THE SOFTWARE OR DOCUMENTATION.
The name and trademarks of copyright holders may NOT be used in advertising or publicity pertaining to the software without specific, written prior permission. Title to copyright in this software and any associated documentation will at all times remain with copyright holders.
